Add Accommodations page (#29)
WISVCH/nwerc-2022: content/accommodations.md

---
title: "Accommodations"
date: 2022-10-15T18:30:00+02:00
weight: 10
draft: false
menu: main
type: page
---

> There are many hotels in Delft. Here is a list with possible hotels that aren’t really
> expensive and are easy to travel from to the campus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many hotels in Delft.
Here is a list of possible hotels that are not very expensive and are easy to travel from to the campus.
```

* The student hotel Delft

>   * Prize: 60-95 euros per night per person

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Cost: 60-95 euros per night per person
```
But if you prefer "price" over "cost", please write it with a "c" :stuck_out_tongue:

  * Breakfast possible for 25 euros

>   * 20 minutes walk or 5 minutes with bus to contest location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * 20 minutes walk or 5 minutes by bus to contest location
```

>   * Next to Delft station: Van Leeuwenhoekpark 1, 2611 DW, Delft

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Next to Delft station: Van Leeuwenhoekpark 1, 2611 DW Delft
```

  * More information: [https://www.thestudenthotel.com/delft/](https://www.thestudenthotel.com/delft/)
* Hotel Royal Bridges

>   * Prize: 60-110 euros per night per person

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Cost: 60-110 euros per night per person
```
But if you prefer "price" over "cost", please write it with a "c" :stuck_out_tongue:

Author: I just copy pasted a document :-P

  * Breakfast possible for 15 euros

>   * 20 minutes walk or 5 minutes with bus to contest location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * 20 minutes walk or 5 minutes by bus to contest location
```

>   * In centrum: Koornmarkt 55-65, 2611 EC Delft

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * In city centre: Koornmarkt 55-65, 2611 EC Delft
```

  * More information: [https://www.royalbridges.nl/en/](https://www.royalbridges.nl/en/)
* Ibis Styles Delft City Center

>   * Prize: 65-85 euros per night per person

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Cost: 65-85 euros per night per person
```
But if you prefer "price" over "cost", please write it with a "c" :stuck_out_tongue:

>   * Breakfast possible for 13 euros

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Breakfast is possible for 13 euros
```

>   * 20 minutes walk or 5 minutes with bus to contest location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * 20 minutes walk or 5 minutes by bus to contest location
```

>   * Next to Delft station:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Next to Delft station: Van Leeuwenhoekpark 2, 2611DW Delft
```

  * More information: [https://www.ibisstylesdelftcity.nl/en/](https://www.ibisstylesdelftcity.nl/en/)
* Hotel de Koophandel

>   * Prize: 60-100 euros per night per person

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Cost: 60-100 euros per night per person
```
But if you prefer "price" over "cost", please write it with a "c" :stuck_out_tongue:

  * Breakfast possible for 14 euros

>   * 20 minutes walk or 5 minutes with bus to contest location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * 20 minutes walk or 5 minutes by bus to contest location
```

>   * In centrum: BEESTENMARKT 30, 2611 GC DELFT

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * In city centre: Beestenmarkt 30, 2611 GC Delft
```

  * More information: [https://www.hoteldekoophandel.nl/en/](https://www.hoteldekoophandel.nl/en/)

> We will probably also offer a possibility to sleep on campus in a gym hall. More
> information on this will follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will probably also offer the possibility to sleep on campus in a gym hall.
More information on this will follow.
```

Reviewer: Is this still a probabbly?
